[Keyboard] Add TypeTheory Keyboard (#13408)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/typetheory/readme.md

> TypeTheory Keyboard
> ======
> ![Picture of TypeTheory Keyboard](https://typetheory.co.uk/thumb/front.jpg)
> 
> The [TypeTheory Keyboard](https://typetheory.co.uk/) is a split ergonomic keyboard inspired by the [Dactyl-Manuform](https://github.com/tshort/dactyl-keyboard) and the Kinesis Advantage2. It uses two Puchi-C microcontrollers, with physical reset buttons.
> 
> * Keyboard Maintainer: Marius Gavrilescu
> * Hardware Supported: TypeTheory Keyboard
> * Hardware Availability: https://typetheory.co.uk
> 
> 
> ## Compiling and flashing the firmware
> > See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
> 
> Clone the `qmk_firmware` repository and run this command to compile the firmware with the default layout:
> 
>     make typetheory:default
> 
> To flash a keyboard half, you must connect it to the computer and reset the microcontroller. To reset, you can either:
> 1. Press the RESET key on the keyboard, this is RAISE+RIGHT SHIFT on the default layout.
> 2. With the keyboard unplugged, hold SPACE + B while plugging in the keyboard.
> 3. Open up the keyboard half, and press the reset button on the Puchi-C board
> 
> Once reset, you can flash the left/right half by using one of these commands respectively:
> 
>     make typetheory:default:dfu-split-left
>     make typetheory:default:dfu-split-right
> 
> Tip: if desired, you can flash different layouts to the left/right side. Then, the entire keyboard will use the 'left' layout when the left side is plugged into the computer, and vice-versa for the right side. Do not attempt to plug in both keyboard halves into the computer at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TypeTheory Keyboard

![Picture of TypeTheory Keyboard](https://typetheory.co.uk/thumb/front.jpg)

The [TypeTheory Keyboard](https://typetheory.co.uk/) is a split ergonomic keyboard inspired by the [Dactyl-Manuform](https://github.com/tshort/dactyl-keyboard) and the Kinesis Advantage2. It uses two Puchi-C microcontrollers, with physical reset buttons.

* Keyboard Maintainer: Marius Gavrilescu
* Hardware Supported: TypeTheory Keyboard
* Hardware Availability: https://typetheory.co.uk

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make typetheory:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make typetheory:default:dfu-split-left
    make typetheory:default:dfu-split-right

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the Puchi-C
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `RESET` (`RAISE`+Right Shift on the default keymap)
```
